[DOC] Add ZJIT glossary table (#13860)
ruby/ruby: doc/contributing/glossary.md

| `bop` | Basic Operator. Relates to methods like `Integer` plus and minus which can be optimized as long as they haven't been redefined. |
| `cc` | Call Cache.  An inline cache structure for the call site. Stored in the `cd` |
| `cd` | Call Data. A data structure that points at the `ci` and the `cc`.  `iseq` objects points at the `cd`, and access call information and call caches via this structure |

> | CFG | Control Flow Graph. Graph representation of all paths that might be traversed through a program during execution |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CFG | Control Flow Graph. Representation of the program where all control-flow and data dependencies have been made explicit by unrolling the stack and local variables. |
```
